docs: PE-8653: PXK-E Trusted Boot Support (#10430)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edgeforge-workflow/palette-canvos/arg.md

| `NO_PROXY`                    | URLS that should be excluded from the proxy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Comma-separated URL string.                                                                        |
| `OS_DISTRIBUTION`             | Operating System (OS) distribution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `ubuntu`, `opensuse-leap`, `rhel`                                                                  |

> | `OS_VERSION`                  | OS version. This applies to Ubuntu only. The value `20` is deprecated and will be removed in a future version. <br /><br /> **NOTE:** Versions `20` and `22` automatically resolve to `20.04` and `22.04`, respectively.                                                                                                                                                             | `20`, `20.04`, `22`, `22.04`, `24.04`                                                              |

Author: ```suggestion
| `OS_VERSION`                  | (Ubuntu only) Ubuntu OS version. <br /><br /> **NOTES:** <br /> - The value `20` is deprecated and will be removed in a future version. <br /> - Versions `20` and `22` automatically resolve to `20.04` and `22.04`, respectively.                                                                                                                                                             | `20`, `20.04`, `22`, `22.04`, `24.04`                                                              |
```
